monkeys monkeys and monkeys hey Kaito
watch out Hey you will be a great player
but it's Italian brother all right
he's still that Bulldog for you but
there's a reason for his madness
the guy has a recipe that works
Oh
he's gonna talk he's gonna get the
troops going I love his energy
definitely a fun player to play with not
to play against that's for sure
Bucky's policy was not among the
nominees for NFL Comeback Player of the
Year but maybe he should have been after
missing all but eight plays in 2013 the
fifth year veteran was named first-team
all-pro last season
my piece is the man good quickness get a
good snap off the ball look like that
he's a crafty with his hands in the way
box
can pull from the center position
Pouncy is just there good
should lead up and own the manhole
you don't see many centers that can pool
here is the block the kick out light
thereby pouncing 53
one of the most athletic guys extremely
hot motor and extremely motivated
disposal later I always be all over the
field at the same time it's not many
centers in the game like them every game
and gives you a big big block a big hit
he's gonna go down the field and get the
block he's not supposed to get little
check down to the left run over the
blockers down to 30
Pouncy Joe Pikul hobbits down the field
and he ran up right in to green
Jackson put a locator on his helmet for
that block that got - how about mousey
on the second level his athleticism at
the center position is a winning edge
you better bring your A game cuz Easy's
witted he's most definitely that first
out was next to the block by parties
Pouncy and he just keeps pushing on the
push stop lot of things will cut you in
his lead doesn't cook he's one of those
guys who stands his ground great block
by park he's talked see you pancake you
though not me but I'm surprised people
don't talk about him as much he's one of
those guys greedy gets after it finished
blocks
he had dunk you're over pal if you let
him old school the whistle blown he's
still pushing guys down he brought all
that action - since she won't be a tough
guy on the field we don't see was head
he's highly underrated your best send in
the lead